---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adverity_lookup Data Source - terraform-provider-adverity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource will perform the lookups for certain values that are needed in datastream creation.
---

# adverity_lookup (Data Source)

This resource will perform the lookups for certain values that are needed in datastream creation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **expect_string** (Boolean) Whether the API will return strings or integers wehn doing a lookup.
- **url** (String) The URL to where the lookup should be done. For example: ads_insights/adsinsightsdatastream/filter_business/

### Optional

- **disable_lookup** (Boolean) An optional parameter to disable the lookup (for example when the connection isn't authorised yet).
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **match_exact_term** (Boolean) If set to true, a search term has to match their text label in Adverity exactly to be considered a match. If false, a search term also matches if it is contained in the Adverity text label.
- **parameters** (Block List) A list of the parameters that belong to the lookup. The argument key and value should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))
- **search_terms** (List of String) A list with all the terms to be looked up.

### Read-Only

- **filtered_list** (List of String) A list with the IDs of all matching results.
- **id_mappings** (List of Object) A list mapping the IDs to their respective texts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--id_mappings))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Required:

- **argument** (String) The name of the parameter argument.
- **value** (String) The value of the parameter argument.


<a id="nestedatt--id_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_mappings`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String) The ID in Adverity of the looked up term.
- **text** (String) The text in Adverity of the looked up term.


