---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adverity_datastream Resource - terraform-provider-adverity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource will create a datastream of the given type in the given workspace.
---

# adverity_datastream (Resource)

This resource will create a datastream of the given type in the given workspace.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **auth** (Number) The ID of the connection/authorization this datastream uses.
- **datastream_type_id** (Number) The ID of the type of datastream.
- **datatype** (String) Either 'Live' or 'Staging'.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether the datastream should be enabled or not.
- **name** (String) The name of the datastream.
- **stack** (Number) The ID of the workspace thsi datastream belongs to.

### Optional

- **datastream_list** (Block Set) A map of parameters that are specific for this datstream type. Values should be lists of numbers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datastream_list))
- **datastream_parameters** (Map of String) A map of parameters that are specific for this datstream type. Values should be single values.
- **datastream_string_list** (Block Set) A map of parameters that are specific for this datstream type. Values should be lists of strings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datastream_string_list))
- **description** (String) The description of the datastream. Must be under 1000 characters.
- **extract_name_keys** (String) The name of the date column for splitting extracts.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **is_insights_mediaplan** (Boolean) If true, generated extracts will be treated as Insights mediaplans.
- **manage_extract_names** (Boolean) Split by selected date column and name extracts with pre-defined pattern to consolidate data.
- **overwrite_datastream** (Boolean) Delete/Drop all existing rows (created by this datastream) in the destination before inserting a new import.
- **overwrite_filename** (Boolean) Overwrite rows from same extract file.
- **overwrite_key_columns** (Boolean) Overwrite rows according to Key defined in Schema Mapping.
- **retention_number** (Number) The amount (N) of fetches/extracts/days to retain (raw extracts are not counted). Must be an integer greater than zero.
- **retention_type** (Number) Retention Type options: 1: Retain All, 2: Retain N fetches, 3: Retain N days, 4: Retain N extracts
- **schedule_randomise_config** (Block List, Max: 1) A configuration to randomise the time of day for when fetches should be scheduled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule_randomise_config))
- **schedules** (Block List) A list of schedules for when fetches for the datastream shoudl be scheduled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedules))

<a id="nestedblock--datastream_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datastream_list`

Optional:

- **parameter** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datastream_list--parameter))

<a id="nestedblock--datastream_list--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datastream_list.parameter`

Optional:

- **name** (String) The key/name of the parameter.
- **values** (List of Number) A list with integer values for the parameter.



<a id="nestedblock--datastream_string_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datastream_string_list`

Optional:

- **parameter** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--datastream_string_list--parameter))

<a id="nestedblock--datastream_string_list--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datastream_string_list.parameter`

Optional:

- **name** (String) The key/name of the parameter.
- **values** (List of String) A list with string values for the parameter.



<a id="nestedblock--schedule_randomise_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_randomise_config`

Optional:

- **max_start** (String) The latest UTC time at which schedules must start, in the format hh:mm.
- **min_start** (String) The minimum UTC time at which schedules can start, in the format hh:mm.
- **randomise_start_time** (Boolean) If set to true, the start time of the day of the schedules belonging to this datastream will be set randomly on creation or update.


<a id="nestedblock--schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedules`

Required:

- **cron_preset** (String) A string indicating how often the datastream should be scheduled.
- **time_range_preset** (Number) A number corresponding to the time range for which the schedule shoudl fetch data.


