---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adverity_datatype_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-adverity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This is an experimental resource meant to be used when exporting data without using the schema mapping feature to BigQuery. It takes as input the desired Schema that the BigQuery table has (the same format as when you would export a schema from a BigQuery table). It will read all columns associated with the specified datastream and make sure they are all the same datatype as specified in the schema. It has quite a few nested loops, so even though effort has been made to optimise it, large schemas may cause this resource to take some time. Patch requests to change columns will only be done if they are different from the desired datatype or if they are not fixed yet.
---

# adverity_datatype_mapping (Resource)

This is an experimental resource meant to be used when exporting data without using the schema mapping feature to BigQuery. It takes as input the desired Schema that the BigQuery table has (the same format as when you would export a schema from a BigQuery table). It will read all columns associated with the specified datastream and make sure they are all the same datatype as specified in the schema. It has quite a few nested loops, so even though effort has been made to optimise it, large schemas may cause this resource to take some time. Patch requests to change columns will only be done if they are different from the desired datatype or if they are not fixed yet.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **datastream_id** (String) The ID of the datastream.
- **populating_settings** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--populating_settings))
- **schema** (String) A JSON schema, as extracted from a BigQuery table.

### Optional

- **error_on_missing_columns** (Boolean) If set to true, the resource will throw an error if a column in the schema is not found in Adverity or vice versa.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ignored_columns** (List of String)
- **replace_special_characters** (Boolean) If set to true, special characters in Adverity will be replaced by underscores, and names beginning with a number will start with an "n" instead.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- **wait_for_columns** (Boolean) If set to true, the resource will wait until at least one column exists in the API before proceeding.

### Read-Only

- **mapped** (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--populating_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `populating_settings`

Required:

- **connection_authorised** (Boolean)

Optional:

- **days_to_fetch** (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)


